hey Johnny DeMarco here when I tune my
guitars I only use authentic boss tuners
everybody knows that boss makes the best
in most reliable studio and live stage
tuners in the business like the tu to
the TU 12 the tu 12 H the tu 15 and
finally the tu 80 when it comes to
having a tuner in a pedal the tu 2 has
lots of features like the high
illumination LEDs allowing visual tuning
in outdoor sunlight and of course the tu
2 will power a whole pedal board of boss
pedals but my favorite feature is output
commuted when the tuning function is on
allowing you to tune without being heard
how cool is that in addition to
chromatic mode which all boss tuners
have the tu two's chromatic mode
indicates the note name of the input
sound you can also use guitar bass mode
which displays the string' number I also
use the TU 2 to support my 7 string
guitar when I tune down a whole step or
something
just like my baritone guitar that I used
in the intro example it's perfect for
alternate tunings because the
to shows the name of the know
to you 12 the to you 12 H the to you 15
and the to you 80 all fit right into the
boss BC B 60 pedalboard these boss
tuners all use batteries or can be
powered by a power supply like a PSA 120
all of these tuners feature a lighted
meter and tuning guide boss tuners are
great for tuning all kinds of different
instruments all of these boss tuners
feature an onboard mic that's fabulous
in picking up acoustic instruments these
things even tune my banjo forget about
it
all of these tuners produce a single
tone by concert pitch and don't forget
all of these tuners can be run in the
chain of your amp so that you can tune
in real time without unplugging your
instrument the TU 12 is an industry
standard in the music business and it's
been around for years the TU 12 is a
chromatic tuner like all the others but
this one allows you to manually pick the
pitches or strings that you want to tune
the TU 12h has an extended upper
frequency range good for tuning
instruments with a very high frequency
range you can also switch it to the L
position for an extended lower frequency
range good for basses and baritones and
seven strings the TU 15 is special
because it has a feature called
a key pitch this works by sounding a
beat letting the user know he's in tune
without having to look at the meter when
I'm in tune the tu 15 beeps and then I
move to the next string all the while
I'm still able to make eye contact with
the bandleader or the guys in the band
the TU 15 also is pre-programmed with
alternate tunings which can make life in
the real world much easier open deg a or
even drop D dad ed GAD tuning it's all
in there the TU 80 also has a key pitch
in an onboard mic just like the TU 15
the TU 80 is unique when it comes to
boss tuners because it's the only tuner
that incorporates a cool metronome check
it out
remember when you need to be in tune
which is always don't settle for any
thing less than the best choose
authentic Bosch tuners I'm Johnny
DeMarco thanks for checking it out
I miss one freaking know